Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/installing-kubeslice/creating-a-slice.mdx

## Creating the Slice YAML File

> After successfully registering the worker clusters with the KubeSlice Controller, create a slice to on-board your application namespaces. You can create a slice across the multiple clusters or intra-cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully registering the worker clusters with the KubeSlice Controller, create a slice to onboard your application namespaces. You can create a slice across the multiple clusters or intra-cluster.
```
